Update hemoglobin risk effects page with to-dos for custom PAF calculations (#1749)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/risk_effects/hemoglobin/index.rst

Relative risk values to calculate custom PAFs for maternal disorders can be accessed via shared functions with the following call:

.. code-block:: python

   # return age- and cause-specific relative risk estimates for the hemoglobin risk factor
   rr = get_draws(release_id=33, # GBD 2023 for topic-specific work
               source='rr',
               gbd_id_type='rei_id',
               gbd_id=376, # hemoglobin
               sex_id=2, # female for maternal disorders causes
               year_id=2022, # NOTE: this call returns only one value for year ID, which is 2022. You do not need to specify a year_id, but specifying any value besides 2022 will result in a failed call
               location_id=1, # NOTE: you do not need to specify a location_id. Specifying any location ID will return results specific to location_id=1
               ) 

Use the custom-calculated PAF values such that the maternal disorder incidence rate for an individual :math:`i` for a given affected maternal disorder subcause is as follows:

.. math::

  ir_i = ir * (1 - PAF) * RR_i

.. todo::

  Calculate custom PAFs for maternal disorders and link to relevant files when ready.

>   Hemoglobin RRs have 250 draws and PAfs have 100 draws. To avoid blocking implementation, for now, let's use the first 100 draws for hemoglobin relative risks and calculate PAFs for draws 0-99 then copy them 5 times to get to a total of 500 draws like we have already done for hemoglobin exposure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Hemoglobin RRs have 250 draws, while hemoglobin exposure has only 100 draws. Like we have already done for hemoglobin exposure, we'll use only the first 100 draws for hemoglobin relative risks and copy them 5 times to get a total of 500 draws.
```

Since GBD PAFs are no longer relevant
